ANALISIS BIBLIOMETRICO

BUSQUEDA Y ANALISIS PRELIMINAR PARA ENTREGABLE-17/05/2026

formula de búsqueda: 
TITLE-ABS-KEY(
(
    "postharvest grain storage"
    OR "stored grain"
    OR "grain preservation"
)
AND
(
    hermetic
    OR fumigation
    OR drying
    OR aeration
    OR refrigeration
    OR biocontrol
    OR "modified atmosphere"
)
)


La red internacional de coautoría

COAUTORI-COUNTRIES

*Pasos de mi figura*
Coauthorsjip - countries
Full counting
ignore..._activado_numero maximo 30
Minimum number of documents of a country: 5
Minimum number of citations of a country: 0

Resultado: 39

Configuracion dentro del mapa
atracccion: 2
repulsion: -1
scale: 0.84
size varation: 0.38
resolucion: 0.5 (a mayor resolucion mas clusters)
min. cluster size: 4 (numero de enlaces, menor a 4 enlaces desaparece del mapa)


*ANALISIS DE COAUTORIA-AUTORES*
Data

"C:\Users\USUARIO\Desktop\GIT\GrainStorage\files\data\scopus_export_May 20-2026_8f723f5e-8390-415d-ab71-4a2c8e85a3a1.csv" "C:\Users\USUARIO\Desktop\GIT\GrainStorage\files\data\scopus_export_May 20-2026_b07e3185-d711-4fab-a8df-8d081415d02d.csv"

Configuración
Full counting
ignore..._desactivado
Minimum number of documents of a country: 5
Minimum number of citations of a country: 0

Resultado: 48
Configuracion dentro del mapa
atracccion: 2
repulsion: -1
scale: 0.79
size varation: 0.58
resolucion: 1.00 o 0.5 igual generan 3 clusteres (a mayor resolucion mas clusters)
min. cluster size: 1 (numero de enlaces, menor a 4 enlaces desaparece del mapa)



*ANALISIS DE COCITACION*
Configuración
cocitacion-cited authors
full counting
minimo number of citations of an uthor: 20
Se elimino Arthur F H por que esta dplicado 

Configuracion dentro del mapa
atracccion: 1
repulsion: -1
scale: 0.74
size varation: 0.37
resolucion: 1.00
min. cluster size: 20
max lines: 300



*ANALISIS DE PALABRAS CLAVE*

COOCURRENCIA DE PALABRAS CLAVE

coocurence-keywords author
full counting
Total de palabras clave del autor: 2444
minimun number of coocurrence of a keywords: 15
resultados: 41
después de filtrar: no sefiltraron

Configuracion dentro del mapa
atracccion: 1
repulsion: -2
scale: 0.65
size varation: 0.77
resolucion: 1.00
min. cluster size: 5
max lines: 200

MAPA TEMATICO



ANALISIS DE AUTORES Y SUS PUBLICACIONES

Un primer grupo incluye a Athanassiou, Christos G.,  Vassilakos, Thomas N.,   Lampiri, Evagelia y  Morrison, William R:

Titulos  de las publicaciones donde al menos dos de ellos aparecen:

1. Diversity and Seasonal Dynamics of Stored-Product Insects in a Feed Manufacturing Facility in Greece

2. Suitability of Three Trunk Traps for Capturing Larvae of Lymantria dispar (L.) (Lepidoptera, Erebidae)

3. Spatio-Temporal Distribution of Stored Product Insects in a Feed Mill in Greece

4. Effect of Trap Type and Height on the Captures of the Pink Bollworm, Pectinophora gossypiella (Saunders) (Lepidoptera: Gelechiidae), in Pheromone-Baited Traps in Cotton

5. Insecticidal Effect of Diatomaceous Earth Formulations for the Control of a Wide Range of Stored-Product Beetle Species

6. Preference of Major Stored Product Insects in Fortified Rice with Basil

7. Effect of Nitrogen on Stored-Product Insect Control at Industrial Scale



Un segundo grupo que incluye a  Kavallieratos, Nickolas G.,  Wakil, Waqas,  Rasool, Khawaja G., Aldawood, Abdulrahman S., Husain, Mureed, y  Eleftheriadou, Nikoleta:



1. Laboratory evaluation of the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana, bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis, and insecticide emamectin benzoate treatments, alone and in dual combinations against Spodoptera frugiperda

2. Bottom-up effects of host plant colonization with endophytic entomopathogenic fungus strengthen the predator-driven top-down control of a pest

3. Efficacy of the anthranilic diamide tetraniliprole against four coleopteran pests of stored grains

4. Advances in Stored-Product Pest Management: Combined Effects of Diatomaceous Earths with Botanicals, Insecticides, Entomopathogenic/Plant Pathogenic Fungi, and Silica Gel

5. The Inevitable Fate of Tetranychus urticae on Tomato Plants Treated with Entomopathogenic Fungi and Spinosad

6. Dual-strategy approach for Rhynchophorus ferrugineus control: Endophytic Beauveria bassiana and Bacillus thuringiensis topical application

7. Current Status of Biology–Biotechnic, Agronomic, and Biological Control of Rhynchophorus ferrugineus: A Review

8. The sublethal impacts of five insecticidal formulations on Oryzaephilus surinamensis behavioral traits

9. Exploring Opportunities and Challenges: SWOT Analysis for Advancing Smart Tech Solutions in Managing Lymantria dispar dispar Infestations in Forests of the European Union

10. Acaricidal Efficacy of Abamectin against Tetranychus urticae Populations When Combined with Entomopathogenic Fungi

11. Initial Evaluation of the Entomopathogenic Fungi Beauveria bassiana and Metarhizium robertsii, and the Entomopathogenic Nematode Heterorhabditis bacteriophora, Individually and in Combination against the Noxious Helicoverpa armigera (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae)

12. Sublethal Effects of Chlorantraniliprole on the Mobility Patterns of Sitophilus spp.: Implications for Pest Management

13. Assessing the Prey Specificity of Neoleucopis spp. against Marchalina hellenica

14. Impact of Three Entomopathogenic Fungal Isolates on the Growth of Tomato Plants—Ectoapplication to Explore Their Effect on Tetranychus urticae

15. Efficacy and Persistence of Entomopathogenic Fungi against Rhynchophorus ferrugineus on Date Palm: Host to Host Transmission

16. Exploring the Efficacy of Four Apiaceae Essential Oils against Nine Stored-Product Pests in Wheat Protection

17. A winning formula: sustainable control of three stored-product insects through paired combinations of entomopathogenic fungus, diatomaceous earth, and lambda-cyhalothrin

18. Unleashing the power of diatomaceous earths for sustainable management of Tribolium castaneum infestation in wheat

19. Evaluating the Compatibility of Spinosad and Alpha-Cypermethrin for Controlling Six Insect Pests Infesting Stored Wheat

20. Natural Warriors against Stored-Grain Pests: The Joint Action of Beauveria bassiana and Steinernema carpocapsae

21. Treatment of Four Stored-Grain Pests with Thiamethoxam plus Chlorantraniliprole: Enhanced Impact on Different Types of Grain Commodities and Surfaces

22. The Potential of Two Entomopathogenic Fungi and Enhanced Diatomaceous Earth Mixed with Abamectin: A Comprehensive Study on Mortality, Progeny Production, Application Method, and Surface Application against Tribolium castaneum

23. Entomopathogenic Fungus and Enhanced Diatomaceous Earth: The Sustainable Lethal Combination against Tribolium castaneum

24. Laboratory and field studies on the combined application of Beauveria bassiana and fipronil against four major stored-product coleopteran insect pests

25. Phenology and Potential Fecundity of Neoleucopis kartliana in Greece

26. Immediate and Delayed Mortality of Four Stored-Product Pests on Concrete Surfaces Treated with Chlorantraniliprole



Un tercer grupo incluye a Arthur, Frank H., Phillips, Thomas W.,  Maier, Dirk E., y Nayak, Manoj K.:

1. A rapid assay for the detection of resistance to phosphine in the lesser grain borer, Rhyzopertha dominica (F.) (Coleoptera: Bostrichidae)

2. High-dose strategies for managing phosphine-resistant populations of Rhyzopertha dominica (F.) (Coleoptera: Bostrichidae)

3. Evaluation of Knockdown Bioassay Methods to Assess Phosphine Resistance in the Red Flour Beetle, Tribolium castaneum (Herbst) (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae)

4. Insect Pest Management in Stored Grain

5. Phosphine Resistance in North American Field Populations of the Lesser Grain Borer, Rhyzopertha dominica (Coleoptera: Bostrichidae) 

6. Geographic Variation in Phosphine Resistance Among North American Populations of the Red Flour Beetle (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae)



PAISES Y AFILIACIONES DE TODOS LOS AUTORES QUE ESTAN EN LA RED DE COLABORACION


1. Athanassiou, Christos G.
Profesor de la Universidad de Tesalia, Grecia.
2. Vassilakos, Thomas N.
PhD
University of Thessaly.
3. Lampiri, Evagelia
University of Thessaly: Volos, Thessaly, GR.
Employment.
Organization identifiers:
ROR: https://ror.org/04v4g9h31
University of Thessaly: Volos, Thessaly, GR.
4. Morrison, William R.
USDA Agricultural Research Service: Manhattan, KS, US.
2016-12-12 to present | Research Entomologist (Center for Grain and Animal Health Research).
Employment.
5. Kavallieratos, Nickolas G.
Profesor de la Universidad Agrícola de Atenas, Grecia.
6. Wakil, Waqas
Ph.D.
Professor (Assistant) at University of Agriculture.
7. Rasool, Khawaja G.
Institution: King Saud University.
Past institutions:
The King's College.
King Saud University.
Institute of Entomology.
Manufacturing Technologies Association.
Kobe University.
8. Aldawood, Abdulrahman S.
King Saud University: Riyadh, SA.
Employment.
9. Husain, Mureed
Dr. Mureed Husain.
King Saud University.
Verified email at ksu.edu.sa.
Molecular biology/Entomology.
10. Eleftheriadou, Nikoleta
PhD.
External Collaborator at Forest Research Institute (HAO Demeter).
Cited by 235.
Entomology.
11. Arthur, Frank H.
Aeropuerto Internacional Kotoka: Accra, Región del Gran Accra, GH.
Meteorólogo (Departamento de Meteorología de Aviación).
Empleo.
12. Phillips, Thomas W.
Institution: Kansas State University.
Past institutions:
Oklahoma State University.
Kansas State University.
13. Maier, Dirk E.
Iowa State University: Ames, IA, US.
2015-08 to present | Professor (Agricultural & Biosystems Engineering).
Employment.
14. Nayak, Manoj K.
Department of Agriculture and Fisheries: Brisbane, Queensland, AU.
2010-10-10 to present | Principal Research Scientist, Team Leader (Department of Agriculture and Fisheries).



TEMAS EN TENDENCIA
Campo: Palabras clave del autor
Número de mandatos: Establece cuántos términos principales mostrar en el gráfico de tendencias
Frecuencia mínima de palabras: 5
Número de palabras al año: 1
Se excluyeron algunos términos repetidos, que se colocaron en .txt




MAPA DE EVOLUCION TEMATICA
Number of Cutting Points: 3
Palabras clave del autor
Se excluyeron algunos términos repetidos, que se colocaron en .txt




